Special case when NaNs present in statistical functions (#335)
data-apis/array-api: spec/API_specification/statistical_functions.md

When the number of elements over which to compute the maximum value is zero, the maximum value is implementation-defined. Specification-compliant libraries may choose to error, return a sentinel value (e.g., if `x` is a floating-point input array, return `NaN`), or return the minimum possible value for the input array `x` data type (e.g., if `x` is a floating-point array, return `-infinity`).
```

#### Special Cases

> -   if `NaN` in elements over which to compute the maximum value, the result is `NaN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let `x_i` be an element over which to compute the maximum value. For floating-point operands,

-   if `x_i` is `NaN`, the maximum value is `NaN` (i.e., `NaN` values propagate).
```

When the number of elements over which to compute the minimum value is zero, the minimum value is implementation-defined. Specification-compliant libraries may choose to error, return a sentinel value (e.g., if `x` is a floating-point input array, return `NaN`), or return the maximum possible value for the input array `x` data type (e.g., if `x` is a floating-point array, return `+infinity`).
```

#### Special Cases

> -   if `NaN` in elements over which to compute the minimum value, the result is `NaN`.

Reviewer: Same changes as proposed above, except `s/maximum/minimum`.
